updates to dev agent (#9021)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## April 2026

> - **New**: The [<Constant name="dev_agent" />](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) is now available in preview. You can build, refactor, test, document, and explore your dbt project using natural language. The <Constant name="dev_agent" /> includes dbt agent skills and the dbt MCP server docs toolset, enabling it to search and retrieve dbt best practices and documentation content directly from the [dbt docs](/). For more information, refer to the [<Constant name="dev_agent" />](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: The [<Constant name="dev_agent" />](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) is now available in preview. You can build, refactor, test, document, and explore your dbt project using natural language. The <Constant name="dev_agent" /> includes dbt agent skills and the dbt MCP server docs toolset, enabling it to search and retrieve dbt best practices and documentation content directly from the [dbt docs](/docs.getdbt.com/). For more information, refer to the [<Constant name="dev_agent" />](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent).
```

Reviewer: Apologies, I don't think I added the full relative link. Strangely enough "/" in brackets worked in staging but I've re-added just in case there are any issues on the live site

> - **New**: The [Developer agent](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) is now available in preview. Build, refactor, test, document, and explore your dbt project from natural language. The developer agent comes with dbt agent skills and dbt MCP server product docs toolset, which enables the agent to search and fetch dbt best practices and documentation content directly from dbt's official documentation at [docs.getdbt.com](https://docs.getdbt.com/). For more information, refer to the [Developer agent](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: The [<Constant name="dev_agent" />](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent) is now available in preview. You can build, refactor, test, document, and explore your dbt project using natural language. The <Constant name="dev_agent" /> includes dbt agent skills and the dbt MCP server docs toolset, enabling it to search and retrieve dbt best practices and documentation content directly from the [dbt docs](/). For more information, refer to the [<Constant name="dev_agent" />](/docs/dbt-ai/developer-agent).
```

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

I wasn't sure where to add this but I did have a standardisation suggestion to use "Preview" and "Beta" consistently when referring to dbt lifecycle states (for example, “available in Preview” / “entered Beta”). We currently have mixed capitalisation across docs, which makes lifecycle status language feel inconsistent. I suggest we treat these as proper lifecycle labels and capitalise them in product-status context, while keeping lowercase only for clearly generic usage. This might be a discussion for the future though

Author: hey @nataliefiann , ah ok. so for the pills we do have it capitalized. but do you mean in the text when referring to it? good shout on the consistency point — definitely worth a broader discussion at some point. 

for this PR though, I think lowercase is the right call since it aligns with the current convention across the docs (~4:1 lowercase), release notes and docs (overwhelmingly lowercase), and the corporate blog (e.g., the [dbt Agents announcement post](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/dbt-agents-remote-dbt-mcp-server-trusted-ai-for-analytics) uses "available in beta" / "available in preview" throughout). so keeping it lowercase here stays consistent with the existing house style. if we want to revisit capitalization as a style guide change, that'd be a good separate discussion/issue!

also what do you mean by generic usage? or can you give an example?
